add note to User-Auth with LDAP doc (#3110)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/user/user_auth_ldap.adoc

  This tells you approximately how many groups will be available in ownCloud. 
  The number updates automatically after any change.

> NOTE: Renaming of LDAP-Groups is not supported. Changes in LDAP are not propagated to ownCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Renaming of LDAP-Groups on the LDAP Server is not supported. Changes like renaming in LDAP will not be propagated to ownCloud.
```
